- So Charles Ponzi goes,
I come from Italy.
I try to make-a money,
but they tell me
I can't make-a money here.
Hey, this looks
very [bleep] fishy.
Does that make any
[bleep] sense?
- Sadie is just head-butting
them in the stomach.
I'm Sadie the Goat!
- [laughs]
- Lord Gordon-Gordon
was a con man.
He's [bleep] stealing from me!
[yells]
[patriotic music]
♪ ♪
[brooding music]
- I'd like to present you
with some shots.
Cheers to scoundrels.
- Scoundrels.
- To scoundrels.
- What was the big scam?
Like, um...
- Biggest scam ever growing up?
Um...
"Blame It on the Rain," who are
those [bleep]--Milli Vanilli.
I still to this day,
love those songs.
They, like, ten...
- But it's not their...
- Yeah, right.
- "Blame It on the Rain."
- "Blame in on the Rain."
He's--lip--
he's lip syncing in heaven.
- Never forget.
- Never gonna.
Hello, I'm Chris Romano,
and today we're gonna be talking
about the man who di--
hello, I'm Chris Romano,
and we're--toda--
hello, everybody.
I'm Chris Romano, and today
we're gonna be talking about
the man who brought down
the Ponzi schemes,
William McMasters!
[orchestral music]
So in 1919, Charles Ponzi
the Italian immigrant
arrived in the United States.
[laughing] So he gets
to Boston, and he's like,
man, what am I gonna do
in Boston?
I love the city,
but I need to make the money!
Right?
So he goes, uh,
what can I do?
I'm--a--
I'm not a good person.
I--I love money.
Um.
I got it.
[bleep] stamps.
- [laughs]
- So Charles Ponzi creates the
Securities Exchange Company.
So he goes,
I'm gonna tell people that I--
I'm going to invest their money
in, uh, postal coupons.
So he gets these [bleep]
idiots in Boston to go like,
here, here's a hundred bucks.
Go get me some [bleep] stamps.
This is gonna be great.
I'm gonna be a millionaire
from stamps?
It's f--yeah, let's do this.
So people started
giving him money.
He gets person after person
after person.
So Charles Ponzi
never bought any stamps.
He was just like,
I'm just giving people money
from other people's money.
I'm giving the person who
gave me the money the second
to the money who gave him--
to the people who gave me money
the first time.
I'm giving people money
who gave me the money
the third time,
giving them the money
for the second time.
Does that make
any [bleep] sense?
[laughs]
- Sí, sí, sí.
- So eventually the editor
of "The Boston Post,"
Richard Grozier was like,
this sounds crazy.
We're gonna write
a story about it.
So the editors of
"The Boston Post" are like,
"To who it may concern,
"All you idiots in Boston
who are buying these stamps,
"You're morons.
This is a con.
Charles Ponzi is scheming you."
The next day, Charles Ponzi
opens up this giant paper
and goes, holy shit.
These mother[bleep]
are onto me.
He goes, I know what
I'm gonna [bleep] do.
I'm gonna get a [bleep]
publicist,
and I'm gonna [bleep] refute
all these [bleep] charges.
Guess what.
I'm hiring a guy named
William McMasters.
So William McMasters comes in
and goes,
all right, I'll sit down
with you.
He sits down with Charles Ponzi
and Charles Ponzi goes,
I come from Italy.
I try to make-a money.
They tell me
I can't make-a money here.
And he's like, don't you
[bleep] worry about it.
William McMasters is on
the [bleep] case now.
So William McMasters goes to
the [bleep] "Boston Post"
and goes,
guess what, you mother[bleep].
I'ma invite you
down here tomorrow.
And I'm gonna show you
that Charles Ponzi's
the real [bleep] deal.
The next day, "The Boston Post"
comes in to write an article
about Ponzi.
And Ponzi charms the
pants off "The Boston Post".
And they, in return,
write a very favorable article
about Ponzi and his, um,
Ponzi, um,
Ponzi.
[laughs]
- [laughs]
- I'm trying--
Then--and--and--
and the next day,
there's a [bleep] line
around the block.
In that one day,
Charles Ponzi makes
$3 million.
William McMasters sees that
and goes,
hey, this looks
very [bleep] fishy.
So he decides to investigate
more as what's happening.
So eventually, William
McMasters is going like,
oh, [bleep].
I think that the [bleep]
"Boston Post" was right.
This is all a scheme.
So he says to Charles Ponzi,
hey, I got a [bleep]
great idea.
I'm gonna [bleep] get
the [bleep] Boston
district attorney's office
down here tomorrow
because I think that
you're the [bleep] real deal.
And I think
you should show them
you're the real deal so they
can [bleep] leave you alone.
And Ponzi's like, that's why
I hired you, McMasters.
You're the [bleep] man.
Thank you, a-so much--
[laughs]
Thank you so much.
William McMasters only worked
for [bleep] Ponzi
for ten days,
and in those ten days,
he figured out that Ponzi
was a [bleep] scam artist.
The district attorney's
office gets there,
and they start
to interrogate him.
They go,
we know that, uh,
you're not [bleep] getting
the [bleep] coupons
from [bleep] Italy.
He--he--he reflects
all their questions, says,
look, I can't give you the
details about my investments
'cause I don't want
to give the--
the big banks of Wall Street
my secrets.
Charles Ponzi convinces
the [bleep] dis--
Boston district attorney's
office
and the attorney general's
so much that he's
doing nothing wrong
that as--on their way out,
one of the district attorney's
office little minions says
to [bleep] Charles Ponzi,
if all this shit is true,
you're the most successful
Italian-American
to ever come to America.
And Charles Ponzi says, me?
I think you're forgetting
about Christopher Columbus.
And the [bleep] minion
goes, like,
oh, shit, yeah,
[bleep] good one.
And he walks out
the [bleep] door.
After the [bleep] meeting,
Charles Ponzi knows exactly
what William McMackster--
William McMaster
was trying to do,
says, see you [bleep] later.
You tried to [bleep]-a get me.
I get you fired.
You're gone.
Greg Masters is like,
I'm about to break open
the biggest postal coupon
case in the history of Boston!
William McMasters goes
to Richard Grozier, he goes
again and says,
you need to [bleep]
write an article
about this mother[bleep].
He is trying to [bleep]
scam everybody.
You need to [bleep] write
an article
about him to expose him.
And meanwhile,
Charles Ponzi's going like,
holy shit.
I got a [bleep] line
out the door now after
everybody [bleep] found out
about this [bleep] meeting
with the [bleep]
attorney general
and the--and the [bleep]
district attorney.
Everybody wants
their [bleep] money back.
[dramatic music]
And he's goes,
oh, no.
I don't have enough money
to pay everybody.
So he starts walking
down a line, going like,
here's your money.
Thank you very much for all the
[bleep] money for the coupons.
Here's your [bleep] money.
Thank you so much for all
the [bleep] money
for the [bleep]
goddamn coupons.
Here's your [bleep] money.
Here's all the money
for the [bleep] coupons.
Looks at his [bleep] hand goes,
all right, well, uh, that's
about all the money I got.
The rest to you, thank you
so much for coming here.
I don't have any more
[bleep] money left.
Goes, [bleep] leaves,
[bleep] takes off.
That's when the [bleep]
"Boston Post" goes,
holy shit.
You were [bleep] right.
The next day, "The Boston Post"
runs a giant article.
And Richard Gross
takes all the credit
and never mentions
William McMasters at all.
And they end up winning the
[bleep] Pulitzer Prize for it.
And William McMasters'
name is forgotten
in the--in this case,
the Ponzi scheme.
The saddest story
in the history
of Italian-Americans,
besides
"Rocky III."
[laughter]
Stay tuned for more
"Drunk History".
You're not gonna
believe what you see,
but you're gonna
believe what you hear.
- [chuckling]
- Oh.
- This is Name That Song.
- 'Kay.
- It's exactly the right note,
by the way.
- Oh, are you saying
you have perfect pitch,
Derek Waters?
- Pretty much.
- [scoffs]
- All right, ready?
♪ Baby! ♪
- ♪ Na-na na-na na-na,
kissed by a rose ♪
- Whoa!
How did you know that?
- I'm extremely talented.
[laughter]
Hello,
I'm Hillary Anne Matthews.
And today we're going to talk
about Sadie Farrell,
AKA Sadie the Goat.
[dramatic music]
So the year is 1860-ish.
We're in Manhattan,
in the Lower East Side,
which is a grizzly locale.
So Sadie pitched
a male accomplice.
And she was like,
hey, dude, what if
a guy comes out of a bar
and I will run up to him
and just head-butt him
in the stomach
and disorient him?
And he was like, cool.
I will take a slingshot
and from a distance,
knock him out.
And that's how she earned
the nickname "Sadie the Goat."
Because news flash:
goats head-butt things.
And Sadie is just
running at them
and head-butting them
in the stomach.
Slingshot!
[imitates popping]
And they made a lot of money.
They--like a decent living.
Like, it was like
an honorable living.
You know, it wasn't like
a super fancy,
really intense living.
- Wait.
- It was like--
- It wasn't fancy?
- It wasn't fancy.
- The way they were living...
- No.
- Off head-butting people?
Okay.
- So...
additionally, simultaneously,
there was a bar called
the Hole in the Wall.
And there was a bouncer.
Her name was Gallus Mag.
And Gallus Mag was
6-feet tall.
And additionally,
she was a
badass bitch,
for real and for truly.
One day, our girl,
Sadie the Goat,
comes into
the Hole in the Wall bar,
and she, like,
encounters Gallus Mag.
And here's the thing
about Gallus Mag:
she was British.
Here's the thing about
Sadie the Goat:
she was Irish.
Here's the thing
about that time period:
white-on-white racism.
So Sadie the Goat, who was,
like, a very mouthy individual
was like, umm,
the thing about British people
is that, like,
they, like, are--
like, always like,
"Ugh. Big Ben..."
- [chuckling]
- "Is, like, a big clock."
And Gallus Mag was like,
please dial back
what you're saying.
And Sadie the Goat
was just like,
well, additionally,
beans on toast!
Gallus Mag was like,
you're being too crazy.
So she took Sadie the Goat
by the ear
and she dragged her to the door.
And Sadie the Goat was like,
[squeals]
[squealing]
[laughs]
- [chuckling]
- So Gallus Mag chomps off
her mo-effing ear.
And she puts it
into a jar of alcohol.
And it was like such a great
trophy that she labels it,
"Sadie the Ears."
Nope.
"Sadie the Goat's Ear."
And she put it
on her trophy case.
At this point,
Sadie the Goat is very em--
embarrassed.
And she then witnesses
this gang called
the Charlton Street Gang.
And they're trying
to commandeer
a small ship.
But they're doing
a very, very bad job.
So she's like,
you guys,
you're doing
not a good job,
and because of me,
I can make you do
a very good job.
And if you want
to work together,
we can be more successful.
And they're like,
okay, listen.
Sadie the Goat,
if that is your real name,
we--we're on board.
So they start cruising
up and down the Hudson.
And they are just, like,
stealing things
and pillaging small towns.
And she was like,
[chuckles]
Obviously I need to start
kidnapping people hardcore.
So she's kidnapping people
and she's like,
I don't care if your
loved ones love you enough
to pay your ransom.
Like,
I am gonna make you
walk the plank right now.
And he's like, no,
I'm so sorry I back-talked you.
And she was like,
I'm Sadie the Goat!
And then she, like,
drops him off the plank
and he splashes
into the river like...
[imitates splashing]
- [laughs]
- So they get the police
involved.
And they lie in wait,
and they're like,
okay, we're gonna get
Sadie the Goat.
And when Sadie and
the gang members disembark,
they ambushed them.
And they really did some damage
'cause they were
shooting a lot of guns.
And so Sadie and her gentlemen
suffered enough casualties
that, at the end of it,
Sadie was like,
yo, I got to pack it in.
So Sadie the Goat
returns to the Fourth Ward.
And she went to go
visit Gallus Mag.
And she was like, hi.
Listen, I know
I was, like, super crazy,
and, like, I'm so sorry
for that.
It was my bad.
And Gallus Mag is like,
I have something for you.
And Sadie's like,
what could it be?
And Gallus Mag presents her
with Sadie's ear.
[calm orchestral music]
And Sadie the Goat is like,
regardless of whatever
is between our legs,
we are--mmm--
really down to clown,
and, like, we are, like,
really down to, like,
really tear shit up.
And, like, I will
head-butt you in the stomach
and I will chomp your ear off
and, like,
thank you for being a friend.
That's how we got
the "Golden Girls" soundtrack
song, Derek Waters.
♪ Thank you
for being a friend ♪
- ♪ If you threw a party ♪
- [laughs]
Keep going.
- I--I don't know...
- Yeah, neither do me.
[cheesy upbeat music]
One baby carrot.
Probably not what
Sadie the Goat used, but...
- All right, wait.
What--what am I supposed to do?
Oh, oh, how many en--
oh!
[bleep]!
[slow-motion ricochet]
- Sadie the Goat!
- Do you want that in here?
- Yeah.
- Or do you want that separate?
- Yes, please.
Thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
- This is nice.
If you do all this, it's nice.
And I have no problems with you.
- [chuckles]
- [laughs]
Hello.
I'm Rich Fulcher,
and today we're gonna talk about
Lord Gordon-Gordon.
Lord Gordon-Gordon
was initially
a guy named Hubert Hamilton.
He was swindling
all these jewelers in London.
He stole about $100,000
from them.
And he's like,
come on, mother-sucker!
He was not only a con man.
He took it to the next level.
Hubert Hamilton
moved to New York
and changed his name
to Lord Gordon-Gordon.
Which is like, what?
So his whole scam was
he's pretending that
he's Scottish royalty.
He wore a kilt and that was
one of his big selling points.
He's like, I'm wearing
a kilt, ya [bleep], ya.
Oh, by the way
I'm a collateral relative
of a Lord Byron and
cousin of the Campbells.
This guy is like
"Catch Me If You Can"
meets "20/20".
- I love that.
I can't--I want
to know about that.
- Lord Gord--
[burps]
Oh.
Lord Gordon-Gordon
is introduced to this guy named
Horace Greeley,
who was an editor
of the "New York Tribune."
And so Horace Greeley said,
hey, listen.
My friend Jay Gould,
this guy--[hiccups]
Guy is the top of the
New York business community.
Jay Gould was
one of the biggest
robber barons.
But--
[hiccups]
he's got a problem
with the Erie Railroad.
So Horace--
[hiccups]
Greeley comes to Jay Gould
and says,
hey, I think I know a guy
who can help you out
with your Erie--
[hiccups]
Railroad problem.
His name is Lord Gordon-Gordon,
which--
[hiccups]
Go with me, it's great.
He's, like, a real lord.
He--
[hiccups]
Wears a kilt.
Underneath his kilt
is his dick and balls.
- [chuckling]
- [laughs]
So the thing is
this guy
has convlin--
convnnc--com--
[groans]
convince.
Jay Gould was--
[hiccups]
so paranoid about Erie Railroad
being taken over.
So Lord Gord--
[hiccups]
Gordon-Gordon
took advantage of it,
and said, hey, I own, like,
the major--
[hiccups]
Majority of stock.
[belches]
And Jay Gould says,
shit, you--you--you [bleep]!
The board of directors
are [bleep] me around
so if you could help me around.
Gordon-Gordon said,
I can help you--
[hiccupping]
but I need some money
to do this.
And Jay Gould gave him
$160,000 in cash--
[hiccups]
And the rest in stock.
Lord Gordon-Gordon
tries to sell the stock.
When Jay Gould realized
he had been swindled,
he's like, he's [bleep]
stealing from me!
[yells]
Oh, [bleep] actual--
[squealing]
Mother[bleep]!
God damn mother[bleep]!
He used his connections
to have Gordon-Gordon arrested.
He is being grilled
on the stan--[hiccups]
stand by the judge.
He's citing off
all of his Scottish relatives.
I am part of the Campbells.
I am a collateral relative of
Lord Byron, blah, blah, blah.
And the judge is just
eating this shit up.
Right?
Like, he's going,
[obscene slurping]
Mm--nah, mm.
Mm, nom, nom, nom.
These stupid guys,
they gave him bail.
So that night--
[hiccups]
Jay Gould calls up England
and says,
do you know this guy?
They say,
I don't know this guy.
And so Jay Gould goes,
tomorrow at--
at quat,
which is court,
I'm gonna say that
he's not a nobleman
or anything.
And it turns out that
Lord Gordon-Gordon
has gotten on the train
to Montreal!
[imitates train chugging]
He's on the--
[hiccups]
He's on the run.
Nobody can find him.
Jay Gould puts a $25,000--
[hiccups]
Ransom out on his ass.
Ah--
ah--ah--
Um, the guy...
[patriotic music]
- Oh, so what happens was
word got out
to Lord Gordon squared
that these guys
were gonna catch him.
And he knew his number was up.
So he decided
to throw a big Winnipeg.
[laughs]
- [chuckles]
- He decided
to throw a big party.
He had a--the all
the high-society people,
and they're all, like, crazy.
Like, yes, this is great.
And then all of a sudden,
lawmen show up,
and they say,
we're looking for
Lord Gordon-Gordon.
And Lord Gordon-Gordon
looks at them, and he says,
hold on, I've got to get
me Tam o' Shanter.
It's a Scottish hat.
[dramatic music pounds]
All of a sudden,
they hear a gunshot.
[imitates gunshot]
Lord Gordon-Gordon
shot himself in the temple
and died
from the gunshot.
So anyway...
- Oh, I thought that was
the end of the story.
- No.
[blows raspberry]
[blowing raspberries]
[dramatic orchestral music]
♪ ♪
- Derek, might I be able
to head-butt you?
In the stomach?
In the tummy, directly?
- Sure.
- Well, then, get ready!
[blow lands]
- [screams]
All right, we're done.
- Yay!